[BEAM-12968] Create README file (#24)
akvelon/beam: playground/backend/README.md

# Apache Beam Playground

## About

Apache Beam is an open-source, unified model for defining parallel processing pipelines for batch and streaming data.
It provides a portable API layer for building sophisticated data-parallel processing pipelines that may be executed 
across a diversity of execution engines, or runners.

Beam Playground helps facilitate trying out and adopting Apache Beam by providing a very quick way for prospective Beam 
users to see and run examples of Apache Beam pipelines in a web interface that requires no setup.

##Requirements

- [Go](https://golang.org/dl/) installed (1.16 version).
- [Protocol Buffer Compiler](https://grpc.io/docs/protoc-installation/)

## Getting Started

This section describes what is needed to run the backend application.
- Generating models from proto file
- Go commands to run/test application locally

### Generating models from proto file

Beam Playground uses gRPC for client/server calling. For using gRPC there is `playground/playground.proto` file which 

> contains all models' description. To use models in the code they should be generated firstly with using 

Author: Done

the `playground/playground.proto` file.

Run the following command from `/playground` directory:

```
protoc --go_out=backend/pkg/api --go_opt=paths=source_relative \

> --go-grpc_out=backend/pkg/api --go-grpc_opt=paths=source_relative \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
--go-grpc_out=backend/pkg/api --go-grpc_opt=paths=source_relative --proto_path=proto \
```

Author: Done

playground.proto
```

As a result you will receive 2 files into backend/pkg/api folder with models (`playground.pb.go`) and client/server 
structures (`playground_grpc.pb.go`).
More information about using gRPC you can find [here](https://grpc.io/docs/languages/).

### Go commands to run/test application locally

The following command is used to build and serve the backend locally:

```
go run ./cmd/server/server.go
```

Run the following command to generate a release build file:

```
go build ./cmd/server/server.go
```

Playground tests may be run using this command:

```
go test ./test/... -v
```

> The full list of command can be found [here](https://pkg.go.dev/cmd/go).

Author: Done

## Running the server app

To run server using Docker images there are `Docker` files into `containers` folder for Go and Java languages. 

> Each of them process with his own SDK, so run backend with Go' SDK will work with Go' examples/katas/tests only.

Author: Done

One more way to run the server is run it locally how it was described above

## Calling the server from another client

> To call the server from another client models and client should be generated using `playground/playground.proto` file.
> More information about generating models and client with using `.proto` files for each language can be found 
> [here](https://grpc.io/docs/languages/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To call the server from another client – models and client code should be generated using the `playground/playground.proto` file.
More information about generating models and client's code using `.proto` files for each language can be found 
[here](https://grpc.io/docs/languages/).
```

Author: Do ne
